Source package: scalable-cyrfonts

Binary packages: t1-cyrillic, t1-teams, t1-oldslavic,
                 and scalable-cyrfonts-tex.

Upstream packages:

    1) urw-fonts-1.0.7pre40-src.tar.bz2 from
       ftp://ftp.gnome.ru/fonts/
       Maintainer: Valek Filippov <frob@df.ru>

These fonts are included in t1-cyrillic and scalable-cyrfonts-tex.

    2) urw-fonts-1.0.7pre40.tar.bz2
       ftp://ftp.gnome.ru/fonts/
       Maintainer: Valek Filippov <frob@df.ru>

From this package we took only the documentation because it is not
included in urw-fonts-1.0.7pre40-src.tar.bz2.

    3) ftp://ftp.ice.ru/pub/fonts/type1/teams-1.1.tar.gz
       Maintainer: TopTeam Co. <http://www.topteam.bg>
		   Alexander Shopov <al_shopov@web.bg>

These fonts are included in t1-teams and scalable-cyrfonts-tex.

    4) oldslavic.tar.bz2 from 
       ftp://ftp.gnome.ru/fonts/
       Maintainer: Valek Filippov <frob@df.ru>

These fonts are included in t1-oldslavic and scalable-cyrfonts-tex.

License of the fonts in urw-fonts-1.0.7pre10-src.tar.bz2:

These fonts were made from the free URW fonts distributed with
ghostcript.  The license for result is the same as for the original
fonts, i.e. GPL with an exception that you can put these fonts in your
own non-GPLed documents.  On Debian GNU/Linux systems, the complete
text of the GNU General Public License can be found in
`/usr/share/common-licenses/GPL'.


License of the fonts in teams-1.1.tar.gz:

Copyright (C) 1994-2000 The TopTeam Co. All Rights Reserved.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL TOPTEAM CO. BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Except as contained in this notice, the name of TopTeam Co. shall not
be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other
dealings in this Software without prior written authorization from
TopTeam Co.

License of the font in oldslavic.tar.bz2:

(C) 2001 Valek Filippov  

These fonts made by Valek Filippov with pfaedit (http://pfaedit.sf.net).
They are based on the drawing from very old (about 1912) fonts album.

License for it is GPL (GNU General Public License). As a special
exception, permission is granted to include this font program in a
Postscript or PDF file that consists of a document that contains text
to be displayed or printed using this font, regardless of the
conditions or license applying to the document itse lf.  On Debian
GNU/Linux systems, the complete text of the GNU General Public License
can be found in `/usr/share/common-licenses/GPL'.

Changes to the fonts in the Debian packages:

    1. The fonts are converted in PFB format.
    2. The fonts n??????l are renamed to n??????d to avoid the name
       collision with the fonts from the package gsfonts.
    3. The PostScript names of the fonts and n??????d are
       changed.  For example NimbusSanL-ReguItal becomed
       NimbusSanWINC-ReguItal.  This is made to avoid the name
       collision with the fonts from the package gsfonts.
    4. Lower case letters are used in the names of the fonts.

The TeX font metric files and virtual fonts are automatically
generated from the AFM files.  Thus they share the same copyright terms.

For this generation a portions of the package T2 are used.  T2 package
is copyright 1997-1999 Werner Lemberg, Vladimir Volovich and any
individual authors listed elsewhere in package files.  It may be
distributed under the conditions of the LaTeX Project Public License,
either version 1.1 of the license or (at your option) any later
version.

Two versions of the T2 package are included complete and unmodified in
the directories t2 and t2-991215 of the source Debian package.  They
were obtained from the following two addresses correspondingly:

ftp://tug.ctan.org/pub/tex-archive/macros/latex/contrib/t2.zip
ftp://ftp.vsu.ru/pub/tex/t2-current.tar.gz

The file lppl.txt contains the text of the LaTeX Project Public
License, version 1.3a.  The license is not included in the binary
Debian packages because nothing in them is covered by it.

All other files in these packages are made by me (Anton Zinoviev) and
hereby I put them in public domain.

Anton Zinoviev <zinoviev@debian.org>
